Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

ABOUT THE JOB

As a Mission Software Engineer, you will solve a wide variety of problems involving networking, autonomy, systems integration, robotics, and more, while making pragmatic engineering tradeoffs along the way. Your efforts will ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Above all, Mission Software Engineers are driven by a “Whatever It Takes” mindset—executing in an expedient, scalable, and pragmatic way while keeping the mission top-of-mind and making sound engineering decisions to deliver successful outcomes correctly, on-time, and with high quality.

WHAT YOU’LL DO

Own the software solutions that are deployed to customers.
Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers.
Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality.
Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring.
Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps.
Partner with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints.
Travel up to 25% of the time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world.
CORE REQUIREMENTS

Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics
Experience working with a variety of programming languages such as C++, Rust, or Python
Experience building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing and analysis
Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact
Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a U.S. TS clearance.
Must be willing to travel up to 25%.
DESIRED REQUIREMENTS

Strong background with focus in Physics, Mathematics, and/or Motion Planning to inform modeling & simulation (M&S) and physical systems
4+ years of professional industry experience working
Developing and testing multi-agent autonomous systems and deploying in real-world environments
Feature and algorithm development with an understanding of behavior trees
Developing software/hardware for flight systems and safety critical functionality
Distributed communication networks and message standards
US Salary Range

$166,000 - $220,000 USD

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including:

